# Go Release Notes
v0.10.1
30 March 2015

We're nearing the finish line. A lot has changed since our last release:
- The configurator was temporarily scrapped, only to be resurrected as a stronger, faster, more capable version of its former self.
- An ODA can now share a prospect’s live experience with Go and has a focused toolset they can use to guide the prospect through the experience.
- ODAs can also to view multiple sessions in a single window
- Users can intuitively navigate back and forward using their browser buttons
- We can email shareable links to prospects' designs and proposals.

--------------
## Contents

- [What's New](#improvements)
- [Known Issues](#known_issues)
- [Next steps](#next_steps)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Environments](#environments)
- [Links](#links)

---------------------------
<a name="improvements"></a>

## What’s New:

-	**Configurator**:
	- Panels drawn on the roof are more attractive and accurate than ever.
	- An increased zoom level at the initial stage allows users to identify their home more easily.
	- We now allow the user to start their drawing over by including a 'redo' button after the trace stage is complete.
	- Users can clearly select the highest line or point of their roof.
- **ODA tools**: ODAs now get a drawer of custom tools when they link to a prospect's open session via SFDC. It contains:
	- A full set of information about the prospect, the design, and the proposal.
	- ODAs can jump to vital steps in the tool (schedule site survey, for instance) in one click.
-	**Step-by-step routes**: Each step in the Flannel funnel now has its own URL, which enables:
	-	Prospects that submit a ZIP code on SolarCity.com can be sent directly to the social proof NearMe map centered on their neighborhood.
	-	Users can now move forward and back with their native browser controls.
	-	ODAs can load multiple Flannel sessions from a single browser.
- **Shareable Proposals**: proposals can be saved and shared via unique links. We request  their email address, then send them an email containing a direct link to the next steps.
- **Polish**: New color palette, loads of copy updates, and general usability has leveled up throughout the app.

---------------------------
<a name="known_issues"></a>
## Known Issues:

- It can sometimes be difficult for a prospect to identify their roof, especially in urban environments. ODAs also have too little context to figure out which roof belongs to a prospect. We have a focused solution in development.
- The numbers we show on the proposal page aren’t bulletproof. We should be receiving fixed pricing data from the Utilities Team for the utilities we’re targeting for our pilot soon. This will enable QA testing across all target utilities.
- Auto triggered emails need a bit more visual polish.
- Secure HTTPS access to Go is in the works, dependent on IT.

-------------------------
<a name="next_steps"></a>
## Next Steps:

-	Continue polishing the configurator
-	Verify SFDC—Go integration and data parity
-	Investigate and scope Internet Explorer support 
-	Deploy a stable QA-approved build to our stage environment

-----------
<a name="overview"></a>
## Overview

Go is a dual-purpose web app intended to help prospective customers (prospects) and SolarCity online agents (ODAs) begin the sales process and communicate with each other.

On the customer side, Go offers a step-by-step intro to SolarCity's offerings, allowing a prospect to enter his or her home address, see what panels will look like on the roof, and submit contact info in order to run a credit check and become a lead. If all goes well a prospect can see a proposal containing a good faith estimate of what he or she can expect to pay/save. Then the prospect can schedule a site survey, and even continue to MySolarCity.

On the agent side, Go offers a full-featured agent console. The console populates all of the information we have collected about a new prospect, and enables the agent to chat directly with that prospect as he or she proceeds through the new customer Go flow. Tight integration with Salesforce will keep agents up-to-date on a prospects past communications and dealings with SolarCity and any of its other agents.

---------------
<a name="environments"></a>
## Environments

Since last release we've set up, deployed, and mapped domains for all but the production environment. We'll go `prod` at v1.0.

- Dev - locally hosted sandboxes for development of new features
- Int - remotely hosted sandbox for devs and product to test new features
- Test - remotely hosted build for QA to test new releases
- Stage - remotely hosted sandbox for training; data store is isolated
- Train - remotely hosted build and production clone for final quality check

 Env   | Branch  | SFDC    | Hosted URL               | Alias URL
=======|=========|=========|==========================|========================
 Dev   | develop | full    | localhost:8100           | localhost:8101
 Int   | master  | oda     | flnl-int.herokuapp.com   | go-int.solarcity.com
 Test  | test    | full    | flnl-test.herokuapp.com  | go-test.solarcity.com  
 Stage | stage   | staging | flnl-stage.herokuapp.com | go-stage.solarcity.com
 Train | train   | staging | flnl-train.herokuapp.com | go-train.solarcity.com

Check out [Flannel Environments and API Status](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1srOyDInVjIU6PXWRptdRN13fopa5hzdKGLbENuxJ2Jk) for more info.

--------
<a name="links"></a>
## Links

- [the docs](https://thegrid.solarcity.com/display/AE/Online+Selling)
- [the designs](https://projects.invisionapp.com/d/main#/projects/2616096)
- [env status](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1srOyDInVjIU6PXWRptdRN13fopa5hzdKGLbENuxJ2Jk/edit#gid=0)
- [the code](http://github.com/SolarCity/flannel) — *note: you'll need to be designated as a collaborator to view the repository. Send [Kerry](mailto:ksnyder@solarcity.com) your Github username to request access.*