@channel: check out our second major release in less than a week

----

# Flannel now has a Flywheel

* [What's new](#improvements)
* If you're a tester, skip down to the [Known Issues](#known_issues).
* [Next steps](#next_steps)

[Sprint schedule (thx @dhoushiarnejad)](https://scty.slack.com/files/kerry/F03R024MZ/sprint_map_-_flannel_-_2015_feb-apr.png)

Building upon last week's release of a nice, stable build to our Heroku servers, this week we've already been able to deploy some pivotal new features: *NearMe* social proof and *Salesforce Chat*. To the QA team, you should find a solid chunk of JIRA tickets ready for testing (#shoutout to @dhoushiarnejad).

* Check out the [integration environment](http://flnl.herokuapp.com/flannel).
* Or the [test environment](http://flnl-13.herokuapp.com/flannel).

----

## What is Flannel/Flywheel?

*`Flannel === Flywheel`. Please help us alleviate any confusion.*

Our *DIY customer signup/online selling* project is undergoing a codename-change as it leaves its cocoon and becomes more of a social butterfly around SolarCity.

This will not be the customer-facing name for the DIY signup experience, so feel free to call it what you like, as long as you like calling it **Flywheel** from now on (#shoutout to @pete).

Lastly, the codebase is inundated with references to `flannel`, `flnl`, and `fln`. These will likely stick around, until we have time for a comprehensive refactoring of the app. I, for one, hope we remain far too busy to worry about that.

----

## <a name="improvements"></a>What's new:
* Enter a zipcode and see the (intentionally) vague locations of SolarCity customers around your neighborhood. Social proof 1.0. (#shoutout to @hermantran!)
* When a prospective customer (prospect) is going through the **Configurator™**, they can chat with a Solar Assistant at any time. Starting a chat will populate the prospect's address and other info into Salesforce, and the SolarCity agent on the other end will see everything we know about that prospect right next to the chat. (#shoutout to @mmiller2)
* The proposal page is now mostly styled up and ready for real data. (That's for the next release.)
* Prospects can cut to the chase: skip the Configurator and go straight to the qualifying credit check.
* For the devs: the build is now MUCH more robust, reloadable, and self-buildable. Let me know (@kerry) if you find any anomalies.
* `git flow` is working famously for pushing features, releases, and (god forbid) hotfixes! (#shoutout to @kwerle)

----

## <a name="known_issues"></a>Known issues:
* The monthly electric bill slider is kind of rainbow colored. That ought to be slick and interactive soon.
* The phone and email input fields aren't foolproof yet.
* Terms and conditions links don't go anywhere. They will, as will the other legalese links.
* Layout on the last couple steps is awry.
* Text sizes don't respond well enough to medium and smaller screens.
* Entering a bunch of different addresses or zipcodes in the same session can lead to odd results. Let's document and handle these edge cases in the next release.
* Plenty of little things still. File your bugs in JIRA if you're on the project, or tell us in Slack on the #flnl-bug channel, or email us if you live in a cave and like mammoth steaks.

----

## <a name="next_steps"></a>Next steps:
* Bring live data into the territory check, the proposal, and the site survey scheduler.
* Handle all kinds of edge and corner cases in re territory and zipcode checks.
* Set up staging and production environments.
* Set up hooks to automatically pull approved code into the various environments.
* Map `go.solarcity.com` subdomains to the various environments.
* Learn how these Release/Sprint names work. I'm bamboozled.
