# Flannel is ready to **Go**

We've just released v0.9.7 of **Go** (neé Flannel => Codename: Flywheel)!

You can check out the latest at [http://go-test.solarcity.com](http://go-test.solarcity.com/flannel) from within the VPN (as the test and staging environments are for internal eyes only). Note that after this release we'll be publicizing releases to the `stage` environment instead of the `test` environment.

Fair warning: this is a **HUGE** release (*sorry not sorry*).

--------------
## Contents

* [What's New](#improvements)
* [Dead Bugs](#dead_bugs)
* [Known Issues](#known_issues)
* [Next steps](#next_steps)
* [Overview](#overview)
* [Environments](#environments)
* [Links](#links)

---------------------------
<a name="improvements"></a>
## What's New

* **APIs**: live and direct (big shoutout to @sumana and @hermantran)
	* Warehouse API lets us find SolarCity warehouses near any ZIP code or geolocation
	* NearMe API lets us find a set of customers near any location and plot them on a map to establish social proof.
	* Utilities API lets us determine the possible utility companies for any home address or geolocation.
	* Rates API lets us retrieve our kWh rates and a prospect's local utility's rate, which feed into our savings and other proposal calculations.
	* SF Lead API lets us create leads directly in Salesforce to keep track of prospects that don't finish the Go flow.
	* Contact API lets us create new contact in Solarworks.
	* Credit Check API lets us run a soft credit check on the fly, before a prospect has even spoken to an agent. This will minimize the time our agents spend talking with unqualified prospects.
	* Installation API lets us generate jobs for prospects once they have passed credit and expressed interest in scheduling a site survey.
	* Site Survey API lets customers schedule site surveys right from the web app.

* **Proposals**: live data (mostly)!
	* Thanks to our illustrious suite of APIs, we can generate preliminary proposals with real data on the fly.
	* Peruse our financing options on the Proposal by clicking the `financing options` link.

* **Configurator**: major upgrades
	* We now use the latest hi-res satellite imagery in the Configurator (shoutout to @lazaruslarue)
	* Panels fill in the prospect's shape and yield an estimated annual production for the proposal

* **NearMe**: streamlined and redesigned
	* Total redesign of the social proof Google Map (shoutout to @ericson)
	* We now show at least 50 pins to every in-territory prospect.

* **Form and inputs**
	* Choosing to start over clears all previously entered information.
	* Your address remains in context in the header throughout the experience.
	* Prospects are asked for HOA, attic, and pet information to ensure easy site surveys.

* **Salesforce Liveagent Chat**: It's a-live! (shoutout to @mmiller2)
	* A prospect can initiate a direct chat with an agent at any point in the flow.
	* All info collected from the prospect is passed into the agent console for maximum sales context.
	* Links to the live system design and the Salesforce lead are also populated into the agent console.

* **Miscellany**
	* Out of territory users are offered alternatives, but not allowed to continue with flow.
	* Lots of aesthetic improvements regarding responsiveness, typography, and layout.

----------------
<a name="dead_bugs"></a>
## Dead Bugs

* SolarWorks & SolarBid APIs are online and reachable from Go
* We now wait to offer live chat until the prospect reaches the configurator.
* Non-homeowners are told about being disqualified, instead see alternatives.
* No more gimungous dollar sign on the monthly bill slider in IE. It was costing us too much.
* Broken layouts in IE are a thing of the past, present, and future. But a few more are in the past now.
* We now send a nicely packaged prospect to Salesforce to give our agents an extra edge.
* Non-US zipcodes are rejected.

---------------------------
<a name="known_issues"></a>
## Known Issues:

* We're using dummy data for the production estimate which affects first year savings and percent solar figures.
* Text sizes don't respond well enough to medium and smaller screens.
* Phone and email inputs aren't foolproof enough.
* Forward and back browser button behavior doesn't make sense.
* Roof peak selection doesn't give the user feedback on selection.

-------------------------
<a name="next_steps"></a>
## Next steps:

* Train online design assistants (ODAs) and online energy consultants (OECs)
* Test, test, test!
* Go live!

-----------
<a name="overview"></a>
## Overview

Go is a dual-purpose web app intended to help prospective customers (prospects) and SolarCity online agents (ODAs) begin the sales process and communicate with each other.

On the customer side, Go offers a step-by-step intro to SolarCity's offerings, allowing a prospect to enter his or her home address, see what panels will look like on the roof, and submit contact info in order to run a credit check and become a lead. If all goes well a prospect can see a proposal containing a good faith estimate of what he or she can expect to pay/save. Then the prospect can schedule a site survey, and even continue to MySolarCity.

On the agent side, Go offers a full-featured agent console. The console populates all of the information we have collected about a new prospect, and enables the agent to chat directly with that prospect as he or she proceeds through the new customer Go flow. Tight integration with Salesforce will keep agents up-to-date on a prospects past communications and dealings with SolarCity and any of its other agents.

---------------
<a name="environments"></a>
## Environments

Since last release we've set up, deployed, and mapped domains for all but the production environment. We'll go `prod` at v1.0.

* Dev - locally hosted sandboxes for development of new features
* Int - remotely hosted sandbox for devs and product to test new features
* Test - remotely hosted build for QA to test new releases
* Stage - remotely hosted sandbox for training; data store is isolated
* Train - remotely hosted build and production clone for final quality check

 Env   | Branch  | SFDC    | Hosted URL               | Alias URL
=======|=========|=========|==========================|========================
 Dev   | develop | full    | localhost:8100           | localhost:8101
 Int   | master  | oda     | flnl-int.herokuapp.com   | go-int.solarcity.com
 Test  | test    | full    | flnl-test.herokuapp.com  | go-test.solarcity.com  
 Stage | stage   | staging | flnl-stage.herokuapp.com | go-stage.solarcity.com
 Train | train   | staging | flnl-train.herokuapp.com | go-train.solarcity.com

Check out [Flannel Environments and API Status](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1srOyDInVjIU6PXWRptdRN13fopa5hzdKGLbENuxJ2Jk) for more info. (shoutout to @dhoushiarnejad)

--------
<a name="links"></a>
## Links
* [the docs](https://thegrid.solarcity.com/display/AE/Online+Selling)
* [the designs](https://projects.invisionapp.com/d/main#/projects/2616096)
* [env status](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1srOyDInVjIU6PXWRptdRN13fopa5hzdKGLbENuxJ2Jk/edit#gid=0)
* [the code](http://github.com/SolarCity/flannel) — *note: you'll need to be designated as a collaborator to view the repository. Send [Kerry](mailto:ksnyder@solarcity.com) your Github username to request access.*
