# Flannel (Sprint B) is on the loose!

## @channel: wear flannel today

We've just deployed the latest stable build of ***Flannel*** to our  soon-to-be [`int` ("integration") environment](http://flnl.herokuapp.com).

When it comes to delivering burn-free energy to the world, I'll be the last to tell you it's easy, and the first to tell you it's absolutely imperative. But we're doing it anyway, aren't we. We're doing it ourselves, and it's time to teach the masses.

If you're new to our project, ***Flannel*** is an olive branch to the resistant early majority who are actively becoming more responsible for their impact on their less immediate surroundings. It's an effort to crack the anesthetized eggshell around our energy origins. Let's give the sleepwalkers smelling salts.

----

## What is ***Flannel***?

***Flannel*** is a DIY playground for those unsure that [*burnination*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yqeLdDDITU) will bring ruination.

***Flannel*** is DIY environmentalism. It's warm, cozy, and unabashedly effective.

***Flannel*** is jumper cables for solar.

----

## Improvements
* Start the flow, leave, then come back to continue where you left off. Seems simple, but this was/will be **huge**.
* Those things you couldn't scroll—but wanted to scroll—are now as slick as sleeves.
* The layout is much more stretchy and bendable, responsive, full-screen. Gumby may sue us.
* Some of our excellent, past instructional videos are embedded. New content is rocketing down our Brand new chute.
* Please enjoy lovely basket of user-friendly morsels:
	* Unreal ZIP codes are treated as such.
	* Out of territory customers have alternatives. (N.B., we haven't wired up the Territory API yet, so that check is a dummy right now.)
 	* Some of the inputs validate data as you enter them. Eventually they all will.
* The Dev Tools are now also width-responsive. Tap the gold 'dev' tab, *sed caveat testor*.

----

## Next steps:
* Wire to and employ our awesome new suite of proprietary APIs (shoutout to @sumana!).
* Fork this deployment several times into a strategic array of test and staging environments all hosted on Heroku. We have a robust strategy laid out and documented, ready for implementation.
* Feed this momentum into Sprint C.

----

## Known issues:
* Until we attach to the brand new Territory API (next on the list), we're randomizing the territory check. You may see an out-of-territory result from an in-territory ZIP code since we're currently randomizing that check (1 in 10 is out of territory).
* This randomizer for checkTerritory will occasionally kick you into the out-of-territory loop when you enter an address in an in-territory ZIP code. This will also be fixed by the pending API integration.
* The YouTube video on the congrats page doesn't play, bad link, easy fix.
* Choosing a roof peak is currently out-of-order.
* Messing with the dev tools will result in oddness. We'll, of course, not deploy them to any environment wherein they do not aid us.
* Skipping the Configurator will result in an unintended destination. We'll address this in the next release to 404 Bugsmash St., SF, CA, 94107
* Functions in the "Contact us for help" pop-up from the footer are not wired up yet—we'll be integrating them with Salesforce. #integrationsAreDifficult
* Helpful animations for the design steps are ready to go, just not deployed with this release.
