# Flannel now has a Flywheel

* [What's new](#improvements)
* If you're a tester, skip down to the [Known Issues](#known_issues).
* [Next steps](#next_steps)
* [Last release](#last_release)

* Check out the [integration environment](http://flnl.herokuapp.com/flannel).
* Or the [test environment](http://flnl-test.herokuapp.com/flannel).

----

## Intro to Flywheel

Flywheel is a dual-purpose web app intended to help prospective customers (prospects) and SolarCity online agents (ODAs) begin the sales process and communicate with each other.

On the customer side, Flywheel offers a step-by-step intro to SolarCity's offerings, allowing a prospect to enter his or her home address, see what panels will look like on the roof, and submit contact info in order to run a credit check and become a lead. If all goes well a prospect can see a proposal containing a good faith estimate of what he or she can expect to pay/save. Then the prospect can schedule a site survey, and even continue to MySolarCity.

On the agent side, Flywheel offers a full-featured agent console. The console populates all of the information we have collected about a new prospect, and enables the agent to chat directly with that prospect as he or she proceeds through the new customer Flywheel flow. Tight integration with Salesforce will keep agents up-to-date on a prospects past communications and dealings with SolarCity and any of its other agents.

----

## <a name="improvements"></a>What's new in this release:
* Salesforce Liveagent Chat: It's alive!
	* A prospect can initiate a direct chat with an agent at any point in the flow.
	* All info collected from the prospect is passed into the agent console for maximum sales context.
	* Links to the live system design and the Salesforce lead are also populated into the agent console.
* APIs!
	* Warehouse API lets us find SolarCity warehouses near any ZIP code or geolocation
	* Site Survey API lets customers schedule site surveys right from the web app.
	* NearMe API lets us find a set of customers near any location and plot them on a map to establish social proof.
	* Credit Check API lets us run a soft credit check on the fly, before a prospect has even spoken to an agent. This will minimize the time our agents spend talking with unqualified prospects.
	* Utilities API lets us determine the possible utility companies for any home address or geolocation.
	* Installation API lets us generate jobs for prospects once they have passed credit and expressed interest in scheduling a site survey.

----

## <a name="known_issues"></a>Known issues:
* Text sizes don't respond well enough to medium and smaller screens.
* Phone and email inputs aren't foolproof enough yet.
----

## <a name="next_steps"></a>Next steps:
* Bring live data into the proposal.
* Handle all kinds of edge and corner cases in re territory and zipcode checks.
* Set up staging and production environments.
* Set up hooks to automatically pull approved code into the various environments.
* Map `go.solarcity.com` subdomains to the various environments.

----
## <a name="last_release"></a>Last release:
* NearMe API populates the initial neighborhood map with markers of nearby customers to establish social proof
* Salesforce Liveagent chat went operational between prospects and agents.
*
